.\" man page originally for the Debian/GNU Linux system
.TH GXKB "1" "February 2024" "gxkb 0.9.5" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
gxkb \- X11 keyboard indicator and switcher.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B gxkb
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
gxkb is a little indicator applet which allows one to quickly
switch between different keyboard layouts in X. A flag
corresponding to the country of the active layout is shown
in the indicator area.

The applet is written in C and uses the GTK+ library and
therefore does not depend on any GNOME components.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.I \-v
Print the version number of
.B gxkb
to standard output and
list the features that it was built with.
.TP
.I \-h
Print a usage message briefly summarizing these
command-line options, then exit.

.SH "FILES"
Full paths below may vary between installations. They are also affected
by the
.BR XDG_CONFIG_HOME
and
.BR XDG_DATA_HOME
environment variables.
.PP
.I PREFIX/share/gxkb/flags/
.IP
Directory with system-wide resources.
.PP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gxkb/gxkb.cfg
.IP
Settings for gxkb. If $XDG_CONFIG_HOME is either not set or empty,
a default equal to $HOME/.config/gxkb/gxkb.cfg should be used. The
configuration file should be created at first run and can be changed
when gxkb is not running. The configuration for
gxkb can be changed on the fly with the \fBsetxkbmap\fR(1) command, in
which case gxkb will update its configuration file upon exit.
.PP
.I $XDG_DATA_HOME/gxkb/flags
.IP
User's own resources to replace flag images from PREFIX/share/gxkb/flags
directory. If $XDG_DATA_HOME is either not set or empty, a default equal
to $HOME/.local/share/gxkb/flags should be used.

.SH "AUTHOR"
gxkb was written by Dmytro Poltavchenko <dmytro.poltavchenko@gmail.com>.
This manual page was originally written for the
Debian GNU/Linux system by Mateusz Łukasik <mati75@linuxmint.pl>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS "Regular Manual Pages"
\fBxkeyboard-config\fR(7),
\fBsetxkbmap\fR(1)
.SS "Home Page"
https://zen-tools.github.io/gxkb
